If you follow the instruction,
let's take a look at the project you just created and get
familiar with what each photo contains.
So we're creating a source folder.
Inside of the source, we have a main package,
Java, the com, and spring are all the packages we have.
We have a HelloWorldApplication.java,
which is the entry point of the Spring Boot application.
Inside of the resource folder,
we have application.properties file,
which is a configuration file for the Spring Boot application
where we can define the login information,
debugging information, and change
the default configuration for the Spring Boot application.
In here, we have a static folder where we can put other other HTMLs in here,
or images file, or CSS file in here,
or the static file inside this folder.
For the template files folder,
we put in our template engine or templates into this folder.
There is another folder called test where we put all our unit tests in here.
It's similar to Java.
In here is pom.xml is a Maven configuration file.
Remember that we're creating the springboard application,
we are using the Maven based.
So if you're using Window,
there will be a different follow here.
So that's it off our Spring Boot project structure.
Hopefully, you understand the structure,
where you put each files,
and how to use each file in here.